h1. Small Multiples with Details on Demand

h2. Usage

h3. First Clone the Repository

<pre>
git clone git@github.com:vlandham/co2_small_multiple.git
cd co2_small_multiple
</pre>

h3. Remove Google Analytics Code

To make things easy on myself, This is the same code that is used to
power the live demo. As a consequence, my GA code is in the @index.html@ file.

If you could be a nice person and remove or change that in your version,
I'd appreciate it.

h3. View Demo

Because of how D3 handles importing data, this tutorial should be viewed using a local webserver to serve the pages.

h4. Python webserver

You can start up a local webserver by using python's built-in simple server:

*For Python 2.xx*

<pre>
python -m SimpleHTTPServer -p 3000
</pre>

*For Python 3.xx*

<pre>
python -m http.server
</pre>

*This assumes you have Python availible from the command line.*

On Windows, you will need to install Python. "Here is one tutorial for that":http://www.anthonydebarros.com/2011/10/15/setting-up-python-in-windows-7/

h4. Ruby webserver

The @thin@ webserver, a ruby gem, can also be used:

<pre>
thin start
# might have to run 'bundle install' first
</pre>

Now go to "http://0.0.0.0:3000":http://0.0.0.0:3000/

and you have a basic visualization

h3. Start Coding

Open up @coffee/vis.coffee@ and start modifying the built in visualization to fit your needs.

h2. Folder Organization

* @/@
** main vis area
* @/index.html@
** main page for your visualization. Loads coffeescript and javascript files.
* @/coffee/@
** coffeescript files. @vis.coffee@.
* @/data/@
** data dump for @.csv@ and @.json@ files and other data files your vis uses.
* @/js/@
** javascript goes here. JS Libraries in @libs@ directory
* @/css/@
** put your stylesheets in here

h2. Requirements

To startup the server, you either need @python@, or a bunch of @ruby@ gems (should be simplified in the future).

Run @bundle install@ to get the gems needed. Gems listed in the Gemfile

